Basic Python:

This will last for two weeks. The classes will be on once in two days with a duration of 1 hour. The days will be Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
We will assign tasks to the peers which they will be submitting in their next class so that we can get an idea as to how you are doing with the course.
Sunday will be a day off for everyone.
As of now, the classes are planned on hangouts. But we will also have a dedicated telegram group for this in which you can ask questions 24x7.
The class plan is given below:

Day 1 - Basic programming concepts
Day 2 - Programming using python
Day 3 - A look into classes, how to share classes between python files and use of stack and queues in python
Day 4 - API basic usage
Day 5 - Some more APIs
Day 6 - Prepare a code using all the concepts taught

Task 1 - Implementing programming concepts in any language ( Eg: Sorting algos, functions)
Task 2 - Implementing task 1 in python
Task 3 - Use data structures to create something or use your own class to do something
Task 4 - Using basic API such as date and time to implement a time based program running (just an example)
Task 5 - Using task 4 and some more API (such as selenium or  numpy) to do cool stuff

These classes will not be taught. This is no lecture. For the first 15 to 20 minutes, we will be teaching in hangouts. We will prepare a doc file for each class so that you can refer.
After the 15 minutes, you will explore the concepts given in the doc file. There will be a lot of links provided which you can use.
We are not teaching classes. We are just guiding you for a self-learning process. 
During the 1 hr duration, you people will have to ask doubts or queries in the hangouts. Once you are clear of the concepts, the hangout session will be terminated.
When we sign off, we will give each one of you a task. This task will be unique for everyone. We don't want people doing together in the first three tasks. The fourth and fifth task will be in group.
Only a part of the task will be given. The rest will be your creativity. We are ensuring that you can do stuff on their own.
And at then end, you will putting all the stuff you learned together to develop a project.

Things we hope you would achieve:

1) Basic programming knowledge
2) Familiarity with Python
3) Problem solving ability
4) Debugging ability
5) Team work and management
